[pull] primary from flybywiresim:primary (#96)
Valastiri/fbw-userguide: docs/beginner-guide/powering-down.md

## Parking at the Gate

**Situation**

- We arrived at the designated gate after taxiing from the runway where we landed.
- Aircraft is in taxi state as per previous chapters.
- Engines are still running
- Lights are still in taxi configuration (`RWY TURN OFF` set to on and `NOSE` is to taxi, `LAND`-ing lights are off)
- `APU` has been turned on during taxi and is `AVAIL`, `APU BLEED` is off.
- **After Landing** checklist is completed

**At the gate:**

![EDDM at gate](../assets/beginner-guide/powering-down/EDDM_at_gate.png "EDDM at gate")

**Steps after arriving at the gate:**

- Set parking break (`PARK BRK`)

    ![Parking Brake](../assets/beginner-guide/powering-down/Parking_Brake.png "Parking Brake"){width=160}

- `NOSE TAXI` and `RWY TURN OFF` lights are usually turned off even before we turn into the gate to not blind the ground personnel. This of course is only done if enough lighting is available to safely park into the gate. Turn the, off if not done so before.

    ![Taxilights off](../assets/beginner-guide/powering-down/Lights_Taxi_off.png "Taxilights off"){width=320}

> - Turn on `APU BLEED` before we turn off the engines

Reviewer: I want to do them but sometimes forget

    ![APU BLEED ON](../assets/beginner-guide/powering-down/APU_BLEED_on.png "APU BLEED ON"){width=120}

- Shut down the engines by setting the `ENG 1` and `ENG 2` master switches to off.

    ![Engines off](../assets/beginner-guide/powering-down/ENG_off.png "Engines off"){width=320}

- Wait until `N1` is below 5% (<== TODO check this)

    ![Engines N1 under 5%](../assets/beginner-guide/powering-down/ENG_N1_u5.png "Engines N1 under 5%"){width=320}

- Turn off `Seat Belt` sign

    ![Seat Belt Sign off](../assets/beginner-guide/powering-down/Seatbelt_off.png "Seat Belt Sign off"){width=120}

- Turn off `BEACON` (leave `NAV & LOGO` on as long as the aircraft has power from external or APU, `STROBES` can remain on AUTO)

    ![All_Ext_LT_off](../assets/beginner-guide/powering-down/Beacon_off.png){width=120}

- Complete **Parking** checklist.

If external power is available the ground crew would have connected it by now and we can turn on `EXT PWR`. If we would turn off the APU depends on the turn around time. For a shutdown we do this after the passengers have disembarked to still have airflow in the cabin. See last chapter.

This concludes *Parking at the Gate*.

> ## Disembarking passengers and baggage

Reviewer 2: Capitalize since it's an h2 element

```suggestion
## Disembarking Passengers and Baggage
```

**Situation:**

- **Parking** checklist is completed

> In real life there a many things starting automatically after parking at the gate. The jetway is connected to the aircraft, doors are opened, passengers disembark, cargo is unloaded, etc. The pilots don't have to do much to trigger these steps.

Reviewer 2: Grammatical suggestion / typo. Switch to "happen". Could also use "many things that start". Author's choice.

```suggestion
In real life, there are many things that happen automatically after parking at the gate. The jetway is connected to the aircraft, doors are opened, passengers disembark, cargo is unloaded, etc. The pilots don't have to do much to trigger these steps.
```

In the simulator though we would have to trigger them by ourselves. For this we use the FlyByWire FlyPad's ground functionality or the Microsoft Flight Simulator's build-in ATC to start these procedures. There are also some nice add-on tools out there which help with this.

> Taking care of passengers and luggage with the FlyByWire FlyPad:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Taking care of passengers and luggage with the FlyByWire flyPad:
```
Branding on flyPad for the rest need adjustment.

- Go to the FlyPad (view can be activated by `Ctrl+0`)
- Connect the jetway (PAX)
- Call cargo/baggage (Baggage)

![FlyPad Ground page](../assets/beginner-guide/powering-down/FlyPad_Ground.png "FlyPad Ground page")

Obviously this would take a while in real life and we would not be able to shut down the aircraft before everybody is disembarked.

For a turn around we would start preparing the aircraft for the next flight and the cabin crew would coordinate everything from disembarking the passengers, cleaning and resetting the cabin.

After refuelling the pilot would signal the cabin crew that they could let the new passengers board the aircraft once the cabin is ready.

> This concludes *Disembarking passengers and baggage*.

Reviewer 2: capitalize title here as well

## Securing the Aircraft

**Situation:**

- **Parking** checklist is completed
- Aircraft is empty (no passengers or cargo)
- Cabin is cleaned and ready for shutdown

**To secure the aircraft we follow these steps: **

- Turn off all fuel pumps

    ![Fuel pumps off](../assets/beginner-guide/powering-down/FUEL_PUMS_off.png "Fuel pumps off"){width=480}

- Turn off the `ADIRS`

    ![ADIRS OFF](../assets/beginner-guide/powering-down/ADIRS.png "ADIRS OFF"){width=320}

- Turn off `OXYGEN`

    ![OXYGEN Crew Supply off](../assets/beginner-guide/powering-down/OXYGEN_Crew_Supply.png "OXYGEN Crew Supply off"){width=120}

- Turn off `APU BLEED`

    ![APU BLEED OFF](../assets/beginner-guide/powering-down/APU_BLEED_off.png "APU BLEED OFF"){width=120}

- Turn off emergency exit lights `EMER EXIT LT` and no smoking lights `NO SMOKING`

    ![Signs off](../assets/beginner-guide/powering-down/SIGNS_Off.png "Signs off"){width=320}

- Optional or depending on airline SOPs: Reset air conditioning, lighting and screen brightness

> - Turn off `APU MASTER` (expect the APU to still be AVAIL for a few minutes)

Reviewer 2: Maybe explain that APU AVAIL remaining is if you just recently turned off APU Bleeds within the last few minutes. Would require the APU to cooldown. If you feel like it's too much then ignore this. 

I asked it in the docs channel [here](https://discord.com/channels/738864299392630914/791494566058000434/861246919392231462) in case it gets lost.

    ![APU Master off](../assets/beginner-guide/powering-down/APU_Master_off.png "APU Master off"){width=120}

- Wait 2 minutes for the APU FLAP door to close before you turn off power as this needs either APU or external power.
- Turn off `EXT PWR` if it has been turned on before

    ![External Power off](../assets/beginner-guide/powering-down/EXT_PWR_off.png "External Power off"){width=120}

> - Turn of `NAV & LOGO` lights (as aircraft no longer has power)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Turn off `NAV & LOGO` lights (as aircraft no longer has power)
```
